---
layout: post
title: 	"In Defense of the Last Jedi"
date: 	2018-06-01 09:00:00 -0700
categories:
- society
- movies
- star wars
---

What if your favorite series came out with an episode you didn't like? How upset would you be? If the series is the entire basis of your identity, then you'll probably be very upset.

The Last Jedi has not fared well with fans of the Star Wars franchise, but this is not unusual for Star Wars at all. When the prequel trilogies came out, they were [not approved by critics](https://www.rogerebert.com/reviews/star-wars-episode-ii-attack-of-the-clones-2002). Even the favored entry of the series [suffered bad press](https://www.starwars.com/news/critical-opinion-the-empire-strikes-back-original-reviews) and [skepticism](http://www.acriticalhit.com/fans-react-empire-strikes-back-1980/). So, at this point, fan-hate is cannon to the Star Wars franchise.

That said, we're also in a post-gamer-gate age where bullish internet trolls slap the label "SJW" on anything they don't like in a melodramatic fashion. Reddit and other internet forums are full of comments decrying the end of Star Wars, and bemoaning some fictionalized "liberal" take-over of modern media. These folks clamor to represent their negative feelings about a movie that will inevitably be loved in hindsight. I know this because in the wake of The Last Jedi, [a nostalgic approval of the Prequel Trilogy has been unleashed](https://www.cbr.com/star-wars-prequels-better-than-last-jedi/).

Look, I am a fan of Star Wars myself and I adored the Last Jedi. And for what it's worth, here is my defense of it.

### Rey's Lack of Lineage

Let's be clear. There is entirely too much hate for this twist, but it was inevitable. I myself spent weeks before the release of this film watching video after video trying to predict the outcome of her lineage. We knew it would be revealed because that's what happened in Empire Strikes Back (and sort of in Attack of the Clones with him meeting the Skywalker family). And we were either going to be surprised or disappointed.

Seems like most people were disappointed. I wouldn't say it was because the twist was bad. To me, it was amazing. It subverted my expectations and produced an even better outcome than I had been able to imagine. Because of this twist, Rey now has far more in common with Annakin than her counterpart, Kylo Ren; they both came from nothing.

Search your feelings, you know it to be true. This twist wouldn't have worked any other way. Rey was sadly set up in a way to disappoint someone. If she was a Solo, then people would point out the flaws in The Force Awakens where her parents clearly don't recognize her. If she was a Kenobi, then they would have had to plan an awkward scene introducing a family that up until this point wouldn't have existed (it would have had to be a sibling or child of Obi-Wan that birthed Rey for it to have worked, and that would need a lot of explaining). If she were a Palpatine... well, I guess that might have been a good twist (but also needs explaining).

It's fair to assume Rey's lineage should have been important. Even if you were just watching the first Star Wars without knowledge of anything that came after, Luke is told almost immediately that his father was a "Jedi".

But the problem is that Annikin's lineage was far too ridiculous. The only way to balance it out was for the series to say, "no you don't need to be baby Jesus to be a Jedi" and let a no-one become the next

